Feature to Mark an Entire Job's Parameters as Sensitive (#2125)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/administration/nautobot-server.md

Invalidating cache...
```

### `remove_stale_scheduled_jobs`

`nautobot-server remove_stale_scheduled_jobs [max-age of days]`

> Delete all existing scheduled jobs that are stale.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Delete non-recurring scheduled jobs that were scheduled to run more than `max-age` days ago.
```

> 

Reviewer: Would you mind drafting an addition to the release-notes explaining the `has_sensitive_variables` and `remove_stale_scheduled_jobs` features?
